okay 

[=25=]

2/13 - started setting up github and looked into two projects with the guide of chatgpt. ( got tired of reading gibberish. )
lets see Spotifyd – The lightweight Spotify client (mostly for Linux/macOS) " i didin't realized that it wasint working for windows. 
Spicetify – A modding tool for the desktop Spotify client that can change themes, add extensions, etc.  ( APPARENTLY THE ADDING EXTENSIONS PART IS OUTDATED) ?????????? ugh 
soo there goes my day .  END - 8pm 

2/14 - man f**k chatgpt, tried to make a website to-do list, and tried to use ChatGpt to make it,  using it as a learning experience but instead, i learned that the AI is a bit 
mentally disabled. so when it comes to errors it just runs in circles on the "solutions it has", sometimes it works, Most of the time it DOESN't. - 4pm 
soo i took a step back, defined my goals. now i am starting in the proccess of learning Git. continue tmr - 10pm

2/17 - ayoooo got my pacman game started (overDAweekends) but finally got the window to open :D umm lets see i spent alot of time today learning git.
commiting, saving, branching, merging, etc. i feel confortable using it. not badd.. tomorrow i plan to study more java. 
as in what each word and line of code does. in detail. idk why but i feel like getting excess information of just lets say Import javax.swing.JFrame -
what does it do, how does it work. yk helps me iguess.  ohhh i have some java homwework too. wtver im done for today. - 10:25pm 

2/18 - spent most of today working on College Assignments, throughout the day i was thinking alot about the pac-man game, idk i try my best to learn.. AI has helped me ALOT 
... Since you just feed it Books or any other resource, it gives you an Accurate (enough) solution. Althought im questioning my reliance on It. BUT. im new. so
im not gonna get exhausted making simple games. anyways i got weent back on the grid seing alot of details to be added. i DREW PACKMAN. allahhhh, idk but making PacMan 
it required some art skills. idk it was fun. got the loop and it looks nice :). started working on startScreen. its bare bones rn. but more work to come. - 10:55PM

2/19 - well my Java Fundamentals Teacher put me in a rough spot today. he Interviewed me about my code. I Failed to explain it to him off the top of my head. 
He slammed be with College Reality. I realized i needed to deeply study Java Fundamentals and Vocabulary. that sums up my day. I would've kept working on the PacMan 
Project. but I Discouraged because if I were to delete everything I have of whatever code Inside my PacMan Source Code. then. well. I would Struggle to Build the Project.
Creat8hg Methods and Implement Classes Properly. Not knowing hardly anything of Foundation from memory. So.... with the advice of a SoftWare Engineer.
I am now using chatgpt as a tutor to understand the Foundations. yeah....  im fucking stupid - 7pm

X 2/20/21 X -   i believe i wasted these 2 days, failing to document. or i was in the process of shifting what to learn and trying to figure it all out. anyways.  
  I earned the displeasure of Allah in these days. May Allah Forgive me. 

2/22 - Learning Java Fundamentals by BroCode. Ai is for later.... I dont know how I will be able to do my homework without AI.. i genuinely feel clueless. and the Video im learning is 11 horus long.. 
I need to get 5 hours of work done on sunday. 5 hours. is  my goal. early in the morning. umm its gonna suck but i need to start doing my work in the mornings and gym later. yeah. idk how tmr gonna look maybe i have work but
Inshallah. - 9:50pm 

2/23 - Wasss good .. accomplished all my small goals for da day. uhh had to shift my understand of what i needed to do
had to start studying what da professor wanteed from me in my hw. so aye i thought hard abt something and i did it.
oh also i made so much progress on Java Fundamentals on that youtube video i was going through. but honestly... 
when i started today to go back saw all the lost work... i took a breath. reestabalished my goals. what i wanted to achieve. and i set my self back on track.
even though i wanted to play games all day or something else with crazy dopamine but shiii. coding isint a bad life. im used to the Keyboard  
Peace - 9:05pm





                                                                                                                                                                                 
